what would it take for Hamas to sign on
to a ceasefire
now we want a ceas fire as soon as
possible and that's parallel with the
lifting of The Siege on Gaza this is the
demand of the gazan people I call on the
United Nation Britain and the Americans
to go to Gaza and ask them what they
want and I am prepared to accept 100%
the answer of the people in Gaza what
the Americans seem to be working on is a
two-stage deal where there will be a
truce where the guns the Rockets will
stop firing and then there will be a
serious negotiation about how to boost
the gazen economy how to ease the
blockade on Gaza and to give the people
of Gaza a better life are you prepared
to accept a two-stage solution to
this irrespective of the mechanism what
is important to me is that we should be
a genuine guarantee to lift The Siege on
Gaza we had promises in the past but
nothing was done Gaza is a part of the
Palestinian land we have 1.8 million
people living there they need to live
without the blockade we need an airport
a port we want to open up to the world
we don't want to be controlled by border
crossing that makes Gaza the biggest
prison in the world people cannot go for
medical treatment or to work why are the
people of Gaza being punished
with a slow death in the world's biggest
prison this is a crime we want the end
of the aggression the Hal of the
aggression and the end of the sieg and
we will accept clear and
clar clauses about the ceasefire we are
eager that the Bloodshed should stop in
Gaza you talk of resistance How can any
idea of resistance justify putting
rockets in a school building how the how
the
This Is A Lie Frankly Speaking let
Israel show the rocket launching PS Ina
with respect this is not something that
has come from Israel this is the UN
relief and works agency which has said
that up to 20 Rockets were deposited in
a school building inside Gaza they are
Furious the uh Secretary General of the
United Nations has expressed his outrage
he said those responsible of turning
schools into potential military targets
and endangering the lives of innocent
children this is not true rocket
launchers in Gaza belong to the
resistance they are underground and
Israel is unable to reach them this is
why it pretends they are in civilian
areas Israel is hitting hospitals
mosques towers and buildings it
committed a massacre in shua Taha
district there is a new massacre in K
east of UN that the world has witnessed
this morning this is a Butchery in Gaza
and the world is sitting Idol and it
blames
Hamas